OK so let's finish the react part of this.
I want to go back to the project and we are just rendering something so that is good.
And it's this reveal it's working.
So what we need to do right now if I go to the Jason database we're going to loop this box.
And first it's going to go to the first iteration and it's going to put it right here.
Now the thing is that we need to set some classes to specify which yes that this one is going to be
big.
This one is going to be small medium and then small.
So which each with each block we can have a type.
So this one is going to be large medium and small.
So what we can do we can just bring that from item and put it right here.
The class that we want.
So since we want a class name I'm going to say class name right.
And this one is going to be equal to something that we are going to pass when we act.
I would be to do it.
We want to pass some template strings.
So this is going to have by default a class that is going to be called item.
Right.
So then what we do is we need to pass the type that it's going to be inside that Jason.
OK so I'm going to use curl.
Don't sign the curly braces and break here.
I'm going to make reference to item dot type right.
So let's go back and of course nothing is going to happen because we don't have the classes for this
yet.
We need to set up on the S S Now whenever the the the s component loads.
Each component which each item we can have something that I call bail.
You know this black whenever we over we can just get rid of that bailout.
But first we will need the elements.
So I'm going to say Dev and inside here are going to add a class name of bail that we're going to give
dishtowels to this.
Now inside of each element you can have an image OK.
And then we can have the title.
OK.
So I'm going to go right here.
I'm going to say DIVX and just additive right here and it just add some some styles.
First one we need to put the class and the class is going to be image you know something generic.
Then we can have a style and we can pass whatever you are l.
We want to put right here.
The image you're going to pass a background for this.
So the background again is going to be on the C Ss right here image.
So we just need to make reference.
If you remember whenever we pass inline styles we need to do two curly braces so I'm going to say background
and the background is going to be equal to.
And we're going to use template strings.
The background is going to be inside your L open close and it's going to be four slash images for Slash
blocks for Slash and then the name of the image says we want to get it from the from the map it's going
to be item dot image.
And this is going to have no repeat y.
So looks looks nice.
OK so what else what else do we to do.
I'm going to write this down whenever we just Hoeber we have kind of a block but it's showing a title
with the link.
So OK I'm going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to add an element for this.
This one I gave it a class of title.
So I'm going to say title right then since you want to pass a link and we are using link right here.
I going to say link right.
The title of this is going to be inside of the Jasen inside of each element.
And we need to call the title.
So I'm going to just open and close and I get to say item that title right.
And this one is going to link to a place and place we have right here we have the location right here
inside link.
So again I'm going to delete this and just call it.
It's going to be item dot like.
All right.
Right here this one is the how it should look like.
And if I go to the Riehle project it nothing's going to happen because we need to do a lot of styling
to Animorphs styles and to do the animations for this.
So let's go to the next section.
And you know if you are comfortable you know how to do CSSA and sessions and everything else you just
can copy the code from get half and move forward to the next re-act components.
If you want to know how how big how I did this right from the start.
Just go to the next section and we will do much all the assassination and transitions for this.
Let's go to the next section.